Q: What does Maid Protect360 PRO cover?
A: Maid Protect360 PRO provides comprehensive and high-value coverage for all employers and their domestic helpers in Singapore. Our maid insurance plan covers payout on Hospital and Surgical Expenses, Personal Accident protection, Alternative Maid services, Waiver of 25% Co-Payment (for Enhanced plans and above) and even outpatient privileges for the maid with subsidised consultation fee for medical and dental services.

Q: Does Maid Protect360 PRO fulfil MOM’s latest requirements, and which plan should I buy?
A: Maid Protect360 PRO fulfil MOM latest requirements. Learn more here. We offer higher tier Premier and Exclusive plans for those who prefer to have more coverage and higher protection for their maid. There are also high value add-ons for you to boost your maid insurance coverage.

Q: What is so special about Maid Protect360 PRO?
A: Maid Protect360 PRO is designed for you and your helper. It provides comprehensive benefits to protect the maid which include Personal Accident, Hospital and Surgical Expenses, Replacement Maid Services, Insurance Guarantee Bond, Personal Liability to Third Parties and other benefits. In addition, your helper gets dental and medical coverage, alternative maid services and the waiver of co-payment. Your helper can also enjoy a subsidised rate for dental and GP medical consultation at our panel of clinics. In addition to the comprehensive insurance coverage mentioned above, Maid Protect360 PRO also provides you with optional coverage under Enhanced Medical Benefits which includes: Critical Illness up to $10,000 Mobility Aid Reimbursement up to $500 Free medical teleconsultation up to 3 times for you and 3 times your helper annually

Q: Is there a Free-Look period?
A: No, there is no free look period.

Q: How does security bond works?
A: HL Assurance will issue a Letter of Guarantee for the sum of $5,000 as a security bond on your behalf to the MOM. With this, you do not need to pay the $5,000 cash upfront to MOM when you are applying for a maid. If a demand is made by MOM, HL Assurance will make the payment first and recover it from you under the Counter Indemnity arrangement of the insurance. You may like to purchase the optional cover for a waiver of the Counter Indemnity in respect of the Letter of Guarantee to the Ministry of Manpower (MOM), paying only $250 for the Excess for your account. By availing this option, you are relieved from the obligation of making an upfront payment of $5,000 in cash to the MOM while applying for a maid in Singapore.

Q: What do Medical Expenses benefit and Hospital & Surgical Expenses benefit cover?
A: We will reimburse the Insured (your domestic helper) for Hospitalisation and Surgical Expenses (including Day Surgery) incurred in Singapore as a result of an accident and/or sickness sustained by the maid during the period of insurance.

Q: What does Replacement Maid Services cover?
A: This benefit reimburses you the actual expenses incurred for the termination and agency fees for hiring a replacement maid during the period of your maid’s hospitalisation due to death or permanent disablement. The replacement maid will need to be employed within thirty (90) days of your maid’s death or repatriation.

Q: When are some of the conditions when my maid’s hospital & surgical costs are not claimable under Maid Protect360 PRO?
A: The Policy excludes pre-existing medical conditions and also communicable disease of the maid. If the injury is pre-existing, or due to suicide, pregnancy, influence of drugs etc, such conditions will also not be claimable under maid insurance.

Q: Can I get a refund when I cancel my policy?
A: Either you or HL Assurance can cancel the policy by giving the other party 14 days’ notice in writing. If you cancel the policy, you will receive a short period refund of premium paid for the unexpired period of the maid insurance. The amount refund is dependable by the period of when you cancel the policy.

Q: How do I make a claim?
A: You can submit the claim form, along with the supporting documents by fax at 6224 1923 or email at claims@hlas.com.sg. Alternatively, you can post it to HL Assurance office at 11 Keppel Road #11-01 ABI Plaza Singapore 089057.

Q: What are the Terms and Conditions of Maid Protect360 PRO?
A: You can find out more about Terms and Conditions for Maid Protect360 PRO here.

Q: When should I purchase my maid insurance? What date should I use as the start date for the insurance plan?
A: It is advisable to submit the application at least 3 working days before the start date of the maid insurance. This is to allow time for us to transmit the security bond and your maid’s insurance details to MOM. Maid TypeDescriptionStart Date For Maid Insurance New Maid Hiring maid for the first timeOn or before the maid’s arrival date in Singapore Renew Maid Existing maid who is currently in Singapore and working for youOne day after the expiry date of the current work permit Transfer MaidYou’re taking over maid who is currently working in Singapore Policy start date - The agreed transfer date which is also the day you apply for issuance of the maid’s new work permit

Q: What do I need to prepare before applying for Maid Protect360 Pro?
A: You will need the following details to apply for the Maid Insurance: In-Principle Approval or Renewal letter from MOM Maid’s passport details Visa / Master card details for payment

Q: How does the 25% co-payment for employer works under Section 2 – Hospital & Surgical Expenses?
A: Below is a table based on our 4 plans for you to take reference PlanBasicEnhancedPremierExclusive Annual Limit for Hospital & Surgical$60,000$60,000$80,000$80,000 Waiver of Co-payment (25%)NoYesYesYes Scenario 1: Helper incurs a $15,000 hospital bill for a necessary procedureWe will cover the total bill of $15,000 Scenario 2: Helper incurs a $30,000 hospital bill for a necessary procedureWe will cover the first $15,000 Next $15,000 Co-payment applies Employer: 25% x $15,000 = $3,750 Remaining $15,000-$3,750 =$11,250 Out of the total $30,000 bill Insurer will pay $15,000 + $11,250 = $26,250 Employer will have to pay $3,750We will cover the first $15,000 Next $15,000 Co-payment will be waived Employer = $0 Insurer = Settle the total $30,000 We will cover the first $15,000 Next $15,000 Co-payment will be waived Employer = $0 Insurer = Settle the total $30,000 Balance claimable limit for the year$60,000 – $26,250 = $33,750$60,000 – $30,000 = $30,000$80,000 – $30,000 = $50,000 Scenario 3: Helper incurs a $75,000 hospital bill for a necessary procedureWe will cover the first $15,000 (a) Next $60,000 Co-payment 25% applies $60,000 x 25% = $15,000 (b) Remaining 75% $60,000 - $15,000 =$45,000 (c) Out of the total $75,000 bill Insurer will pay (a) $15,000 (c) $45,000 (Benefit limit reached) We will pay up to annual limit $60,000 Employer will have to pay (b) $15,000 We will cover the first $15,000 (a) Next $60,000 Co-payment 25% will be waived $60,000 x 25% = $15,000 (b) Remaining 75% $60,000 - $15,000 =$45,000 (c) Out of the total $75,000 bill Insurer will pay (a) $15,000 (b) $15,000 (c) $30,000 (Benefit limit reached) We will pay up to annual limit $60,000 Employer will have to pay (c) $15,000 We will cover the first $15,000 (a) Next $60,000 Co-payment 25% will be waived $60,000 x 25% = $15,000 (b) Remaining 75% $60,000 - $15,000 =$45,000 (c) Out of the total $75,000 bill Insurer will pay (a) $15,000 (b) $15,000 (c) $45,000 We will pay the total bill $75,000 Employer will have to pay (c) $0 Balance claimable limit for the year$60,000 – $60,000 = $0$60,000 – $60,000 = $0$80,000 – $75,000 = $5,000

Q: How does the MOM Insurance Guarantee Bond and the Waiver of Counter Indemnity work?
A: We will issue a Letter of Guarantee for the S$5,000 security bond on your behalf to MOM. If MOM makes a demand, we will first make the payment and recover the payment from you under the policy conditions of Section 9 (Refer to the policy wordings) Suppose you opt for the optional cover for Waiver of Counter Indemnity. In that case, you only need to reimburse us the excess amount of S$250, provided that the payment is not caused by or resulting from your breach of conditions under the Security Bond.

Q: Does Maid Protect360 PRO pay for COVID-19 related medical bills?
A: If your domestic helper is diagnosed with COVID-19 and hospitalised, we will reimburse the eligible medical expenses under Section 2 (Hospital & Surgical Expenses).

Q: What does Alternative Maid Services cover?
A: Alternative maid services pay for the cost of hiring temporary help if your helper is hospitalised due to injury or illness. The payout per day ranges from $100 to $200 for Enhanced, Premier and Exclusive Plans. We have also arranged a special rate with our partner to assist you if your helper is unable to perform their duties, you will receive an email from us notifying you of the promotion code. Simply use the promotion code at checkout to enjoy the special rate.

Q: How do I redeem the free teleconsultation services?
A: If you have opted for the Enhanced Medical Benefits, you will receive an email from us to assist you to download an app in order to register for up to three (3) free teleconsultations each, for both you and your maid.

Q: What does Maid Protect360 PRO Insurance cover?
A: We provide comprehensive maid insurance coverage for both you and your helper of 4 levels with diverse limits: Basic, Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive. Though the limits vary, the cover is broad and has everything you’re looking for in a maid insurance plan. All plans cover the following benefits: Personal Accident Benefits Highest Hospital Cash Payout Alternative Maid Services Hospitalisation and Surgical Expenses Waiver of Co-payment for Hospital & Surgical Expenses (Enhanced Plan and above) Free Medical Tele-consultation for both you and your helper (Enhanced Plan and above) Guarantee bond to Ministry of Manpower (MOM)

Q: Switching Your Domestic Helper’s Insurance Plan?
A: Free $30 NETS Prepaid Card* Switch from your existing domestic helper insurance in Singapore to Enhanced Maid Protect360 and enjoy our special maid insurance promotion and get free $30 NETS Prepaid Card. It just takes a few clicks and the maid insurance policy will be sent to you instantly.*For New Maid Policy Only. Terms Apply

Q: Switching Your Domestic Helper’s Insurance Plan?
A: Free $30 NETS Prepaid Card* Switch from your existing domestic helper insurance in Singapore to Enhanced Maid Protect360 and enjoy our special maid insurance promotion and get free $30 NETS Prepaid Card. It just takes a few clicks and the maid insurance policy will be sent to you instantly.*For New Maid Policy Only. Terms Apply Please refer to below for Promotion Terms and Conditions. Free Medical Teleconsultation Up to 6 Free Medical Teleconsultations* We are the first insurer to be offering 6 free medical consultations for you and your helper so you can consult a doctor from anywhere, anytime and get medication delivered right to your doorstep. Protect your Domestic Helper from COVID-19, Dengue and other Infectious Disease with our Enhanced Maid Protect360. *Terms Apply Please refer to below for Promotion Terms and Conditions. Why HL Assurance Maid Insurance? The Best Maid Insurance With Comprehensive Coverage That Goes Above And Beyond Personal Accident Benefits Receive pay out up to $100,000 as financial protection in the event of an unforeseen accident, resulting in your domestic helper’s death or a permanent disability. Highest Hospital Cash Get the highest hospital cash payout of up to $1,500 when your helper is hospitalised due to illness or injury. Waiver of Co-payment We will waive the 25% co-payment for hospital & surgical expenses when your domestic helper is covered under our Enhanced Plan & above, up to the benefit limit. Alternative Maid Services Assurance to provide temporary assistance for your daily needs during your maid’s hospitalisation. Hospitalisation and Surgical Expenses Up to $80,000 protection if your maid is hospitalised in Singapore. Option to add on $10,000 with Enhanced Medical Benefit. Guarantee bond to Ministry of Manpower (MOM) We replace your liability to pay $5,000 for the Maid Insurance Security Bond. We serve as your Guarantor and will provide a Letter of Guarantee to MOM. BOOST Your Coverage With Comprehensive And High Value Add-Ons Enhanced Medical Benefits + Free Medical Teleconsultation Get Critical Illness coverage, extended Hospitalisation and Surgical benefits, Mobility Aid expenses for your domestic helper. Plus, receive Free Medical Tele-consultation for both you and your helper when you upgrade with our Enhanced Medical Benefits. Six-Monthly Medical Examination Save with us on each mandatory medical examination when your domestic helper does the tests at our panel clinics. Waiver of Counter Indemnity This option will greatly limit your liability on the security bond deposit to just $250 (from $5,000) should the Ministry of Manpower (MOM) make a demand for the security bond payment on your maid insurance. Comprehensive Maid Insurance Plans for Your Helper Pick from the various plans and coverage that suit your needs. Buy domestic helper insurance online today. Basic S$502.30 Accidental Death60,000 Permanent Disablement60,000 Accidental Medical Reimbursement1,000 Hospital & Surgical Expenses60,000 Replacement Maid Expenses200 Maid Personal BelongingsN.A Wages & Levy ReimbursementN.A Enhanced S$551.80 Accidental Death70,000 Permanent Disablement70,000 Accidental Medical Reimbursement2,000 Hospital & Surgical Expenses60,000 Replacement Maid Expenses300 Maid Personal Belongings1,000 Wages & Levy Reimbursement40 Most Popular Premier S$578.20 Accidental Death80,000 Permanent Disablement80,000 Accidental Medical Reimbursement3,000 Hospital & Surgical Expenses80,000 Replacement Maid Expenses500 Maid Personal Belongings2,000 Wages & Levy Reimbursement50 Best Coverage Exclusive S$685.60 Accidental Death100,000 Permanent Disablement100,000 Accidental Medical Reimbursement5,000 Hospital & Surgical Expenses80,000 Replacement Maid Expenses600 Maid Personal Belongings3,000 Wages & Levy Reimbursement60 **Based on 26 months coverage with age banding 50 years old and below. GST inclusive. View Full Details Benefits of Critical Illness Protect360 Critical Illness Protect360 is an affordable plan which provides you with financial protection against illness to ensure that your family can focus on what is more important – your treatment and recovery. High Critical Illness Coverage High Personal Accident Coverage Medical Second Opinion Annual Health Screening Other Promotions HL Bank Debit Card HL Bank Debit Card Travel Insurance Promotion Get up to $30 voucher when you sign up for COVIDSAFE Travel Protect360 and pay with HL Bank Debit Card. What our customers have to say about us Strong Support Customer Review by N Kalawathi I am very pleased with the whole process. It was very hassle-free and saved my time. Simple to follow steps and not too many questions asked. And what more??? The price was right!!! Just the package I was looking for and I’m glad this package is still available. It was a pleasant experience buying a maid insurance package from HL and their response was very fast. Overall, I would give 100/100. At the end of the day, there was a huge smile on my face. Thank you HL Assurance. Efficient & Professional Customer Review by Arnel Repeso My maid got insured instantly at the last minute while being held in Immigration. Thanks for the fast email of the policy. Strong Support Customer Review by Ryan Poh Many thanks for the strong support and helping us to secure this case although the official working hours is over. Great team effort and seamless communication. Efficient & Professional Customer Review by Elizabeth Thank you so much in getting this sorted for us! You are super efficient and professional at handling our case. I’m thoroughly impressed and appreciate HL taking the right actions to keep their customers happy and loyal! Maid Protect360 PRO Insurance Promotion Terms And Conditions Terms and Conditions for Maid Protect360 PRO Insurance Promotion (20% Off All Maid Plans) Terms and Conditions The promotion is held from now until 12 Septembeer 2025. Eligible customers who successfully purchase any Maid Protect360 PRO policies during the Promotion Period will be entitled to 20% discount. This promotion is only applicable for new purchases made via HL Assurance website at www.hlas.com.sg/personal-insurance/maid-insurance/ New purchases refer to purchases via HL Assurance website (as per stated above), and are not applicable to any purchase from HL Assurance’s agency partner. This promotion is not valid with any ongoing travel discounts, schemes or privileges. HL Assurance, at any time, at its sole discretion and without prior notice, can vary, modify, delete or add to these terms and conditions. Please refer to the policy wording for full details. In the event of any dispute, HL Assurance management’s decision is final. HL Assurance’s full disclaimers, terms, and conditions apply to individual products. © 2025 HL Assurance is a registered service mark of Hong Leong Group. HL Assurance Private Limited Co. Reg. No. 201229558W. “HL Assurance” means HL Assurance Private Limited. HL Assurance’s Travel Insurance is underwritten by HL Assurance Pte. Ltd. Co. Reg. No. 201229558W. This policy is protected under the Policy Owner’s Protection Scheme, which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic, and no further action is required from you. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please contact HL Assurance Pte. Ltd. or visit the GIA or SDIC websites (www.gia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg). This is not a contract of insurance. Accordingly, the information should be read and construed in the light of, and subject to, all terms and conditions contained in the Policy. Full details are stated in the Policy. HL ASSURANCE SPIN AND WIN 2025 Terms and Conditions To view full details on HL ASSURANCE SPIN AND WIN 2025 Terms and Conditions, click here. Spin & Win Flash Deal: Get 10X more Grand Draw Entries (14-19 August 2025) Terms and Conditions To view full details on Spin & Win Flash Deal: Get 10X more Grand Draw Entries (14-19 August 2025) Terms and Conditions, click here. Maid Protect360 PRO Benefits And Coverage What our Maid Insurance Covers Note: Swipe left or right to view the full table on your mobile screen. Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please contact HL Assurance Pte. Ltd. or visit the GIA or SDIC websites ( www.gia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg). Maid Protect360 PRO Insurance FAQs Frequently Asked Questions for Maid Insurance

Q: What does Maid Protect360 PRO Insurance cover?
A: We provide comprehensive maid insurance coverage for both you and your helper of 4 levels with diverse limits: Basic, Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive. Though the limits vary, the cover is broad and has everything you’re looking for in a maid insurance plan. All plans cover the following benefits: Personal Accident Benefits Highest Hospital Cash Payout Alternative Maid Services Hospitalisation and Surgical Expenses Waiver of Co-payment for Hospital & Surgical Expenses (Enhanced Plan and above) Free Medical Tele-consultation for both you and your helper (Enhanced Plan and above) Guarantee bond to Ministry of Manpower (MOM) List of Clinics for Six-Monthly Medical Examination Booking of Appointment for Maid’s Six-Monthly Medical Examination The list of our Approved Clinics is outlined in the table below for your easy reference. To arrange for your maid’s medical examination, kindly call our Approved Clinics listed below for assistance to book an appointment. List of Approved Clinics For Medical Examination Please click here for the list of approved clinics. Terms and Conditions HLAS shall not be liable to pay for any additional medical examinations or treatment costs except the standard six-monthly medical examination (6ME) as required by Ministry of Manpower (MOM). Based on the medical plan selected, the medical examination will be valid for 1 or 2 years from the policy effective date. HLAS shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or liability arising out of the medical examination. For any enquiries on the clinics and package, please call 6311 4592 during office hours. List Of Clinics For Medical GP And Dental Consultation Medical Consultation during normal hours Should you wish to get a medical consultation for your maid, kindly walk in to any of the below approved clinics. Kindly bring along your maid’s work permit and present during registration. List of Approved Clinics for GP Consultation Please click here for the list of approved GP clinics. Terms and Conditions Special benefit/discount of the doctor consultation fees is only valid from the effective date until expiry of the current Policy, and only applicable to consultation during normal operation hours. Surcharge will apply for consultations after 9:30pm and Public Holidays. Medicine prescribed by the doctor will be chargeable based on Healthway Medical Group Formulary. All medical charges will be payable by the patient or insured at the clinic. HLAS shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or liability arising out of the medical consultation. HLAS shall not be liable for any recommendation of the above clinics. For any enquiries on the clinics and package, please call 6817 8211 during office hours. List of Exclusions for GP Consultation Congenital conditions and chronic illnesses. For clarity, the World Health Organization defines a chronic illness as a condition of long duration and generally slow progression. Cosmetic treatment including acne treatment and cosmetic surgery. Medical or surgical or other appliances including spectacles, contact lens or eye glasses and refraction’s or hearing aids. Any expenses in respect of pregnancy, childbirth (including surgical delivery), miscarriage, abortion and pre-natal or post-natal care. Treatment pertaining to fertility. Any expenses for treatment in mental or nervous disorders. Any expenses arising out of suicide, attempted suicide, intentionally self-inflicted injury, reckless activities (incl. racing, driving, skydiving, scuba diving, winter sports, hunting), any form of illegal activities (including war, participation in riot, strikes or civil commotion) or deliberate exposure to exceptional danger except in an effort to save another human life. Treatment and investigation relating to sexually transmitted diseases. Treatment arising directly and indirectly from abuse of drugs or alcohol. Treatment for refraction errors of the eyes and vision care. House calls. Injury or illness whilst on active military duties. Treatment for obesity, weight management or improvement. List of Approved Dental Clinics The list of our Approved Dental Clinics is outlined in the table below for your easy reference, kindly call our Approved Dental Clinics listed below for assistance to book an appointment. Kindly note that the dental consultation will only be waived upon dental treatment to be done. Terms and conditions to be referred at the dentist premises. Please click here for the list of approved dental clinics. Terms and Conditions Special benefit/discount of the doctor consultation fees is only valid from the effective date until expiry of the current Policy, and only applicable to consultation during normal operation hours. Free dental consultation will apply only if dental treatment is required. All dental treatment will be payable by the patient or insured at the clinic. Corporate rates are not to be used in conjunction with any other ongoing promotions, packages or privileges. HLAS shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or liability arising out of the medical consultation. HLAS shall not be liable for any recommendation of the above clinics. For any enquiries on the clinics and package, please call 6817 8211 during office hours. Teleconsultation Services Terms and Conditions Teleconsultation services is only valid for policies with Enhanced Medical Benefit. Upon the successful purchase of Maid Protect 360 PRO with Enhanced Medical Benefit, customers are eligible to get 3 times free teleconsultation for yourself and 3 times free teleconsultation for your helper. The free teleconsultation are non-transferrable. HLAS shall not be liable for any recommendation of the above clinics. Know more about Maid Insurance in Singapore Maid Interview Questions: A Guide for Employers in Singapore Finding the right maid for your household can be a game-changer. A reliable and trustworthy domestic helper can provide invaluable support, allowing you to manage your busy life and ensure your loved ones are well cared for. However, the process of finding the perfect fit involves more than just browsing profiles and checking references. A… Details Cost of Hiring a Maid in Singapore (2024) If you feel overwhelmed by the demands of everyday life and need some help with household chores like cooking, cleaning and minding the children, employing a domestic helper could be the answer. According to the Ministry of Manpower (MOM), there are currently 286,300 migrant domestic workers in Singapore[1], demonstrating just how many households rely on… Details Singaporean almost lost life savings because of helper’s illness Protect Your Savings: Understanding Maid Insurance in Singapore Your maid is an important part of your household. She cooks, cleans and helps out with the kids, enabling you to focus on quality time with loved ones, your career and activities you enjoy. But enlisting the assistance of a domestic helper is also a big responsibility.… Details Buy Now PersonalTravel InsuranceCar InsuranceChoice Protect360Corporate Employee InsuranceCritical Illness InsuranceFraud InsuranceFire InsuranceHome Contents InsuranceHospital Income InsuranceMaid InsuranceEarly Critical Illness InsurancePersonal Accident InsuranceFamily ProtectionMobile Phone InsuranceSingapore Travel PassCommercialBusiness PackagesCasualty InsuranceCorporate Travel360Engineering InsuranceProperty InsuranceUseful LinksOur Corporate ProfileEthics PolicyCareersBlogAgent RecruitmentIntermediary LoginContact UsReach Us Download HLAS app COVID-19 Travel Concierge Click here for more COVID-19 Travel information Click here for Concierge Whatsapp Policy on Personal Data | Site Map | Terms and Conditions | Online Security Copyright © 2025 HL Assurance This site is best viewed with Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer 10.x or above. Go to Top

Q: I am very pleased with the whole process. It was very hassle-free and saved my time. Simple to follow steps and not too many questions asked. And what more??? The price was right!!! Just the package I was looking for and I’m glad this package is still available. It was a pleasant experience buying a maid insurance package from HL and their response was very fast. Overall, I would give 100/100. At the end of the day, there was a huge smile on my face. Thank you HL Assurance.
A: Efficient & Professional Customer Review by Arnel Repeso My maid got insured instantly at the last minute while being held in Immigration. Thanks for the fast email of the policy. Strong Support Customer Review by Ryan Poh Many thanks for the strong support and helping us to secure this case although the official working hours is over. Great team effort and seamless communication. Efficient & Professional Customer Review by Elizabeth Thank you so much in getting this sorted for us! You are super efficient and professional at handling our case. I’m thoroughly impressed and appreciate HL taking the right actions to keep their customers happy and loyal!

Q: I am very pleased with the whole process. It was very hassle-free and saved my time. Simple to follow steps and not too many questions asked. And what more??? The price was right!!! Just the package I was looking for and I’m glad this package is still available. It was a pleasant experience buying a maid insurance package from HL and their response was very fast. Overall, I would give 100/100. At the end of the day, there was a huge smile on my face. Thank you HL Assurance.
A: Efficient & Professional Customer Review by Arnel Repeso My maid got insured instantly at the last minute while being held in Immigration. Thanks for the fast email of the policy.

